So I want to show you a little trick that not many people know.
And that will allow you to save up to 50 percent on your exam cost.
If you have done an exam before.
So in case you have already passed an AWS certification and you go to the benefits tab you can
see a lot of benefits and in there at the very bottom there is an AWS exam discount benefits which gives
you 50 percent discounts on your next exam.
And to claim a benefit you just click on claim benefits.
And what this will do is it will create a code for you and that code you can use to get 50 percent
off your next exam.
So let me claim a benefit right now.
And as you can see now the code has been here.
So now I need to use this code.
So for this let me go back to my metrics and I'm going to schedule a new exam.
I'm going to use PSI and go directly to the exam and we'll just schedule and this works on any exam
as far as I can tell.
So for example I'll go ahead and book the dev ops exam.
So here is my exam.
And as you can see it's 270 euros for me.
So in the voucher discount coupon I'm going to enter the discount code I got from before.
So from the benefits and this token right here.
And as you can see now I get 50 percent off.
So it became one hundred and thirty five euros afterwards so I just saved one hundred thirty five euros
just by doing this little trick.
And so many people don't know about this.
And so they end up paying more for the exam that what they need.
So remember once you pass an exam successfully you will get access to these discount benefits and then
use them accordingly on the exam you want to save up to 50 percent on your exam cost.
So hopefully I just saved you a lot of money and hopefully that's helpful for you to do more.
AWS certifications.
So if you liked this tip just let me know and I will see you in the next lecture.